Fix val docs (#901)
zalando/postgres-operator: docs/user.md

OpenShift allocates the users and groups dynamically (based on scc), and their
range is different in every namespace. Due to this dynamic behaviour, it's not
trivial to know at deploy time the uid/gid of the user in the cluster.

> This way, in OpenShift, you want to skip the spilo_fsgroup setting.
> 
> Note: instead of spilo_fsgroup in the Operator configmMap, we can use 
> `spiloFSGroup` which is defined per pg cluster deployment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Therefore, instead of using a global `spilo_fsgroup` setting, use the `spiloFSGroup` field
per Postgres cluster.```
